okay youtubers as I own care Excalibur
here and um all right i was watching uh
one of the wolverine wolverine in the
x-men kepis odes um code of conduct and
I'm going to turn volumes up all the way
because you've got to hear this remember
how I've been how I was saying gaijin
was a really big no-no word of which was
a describing white foreigners justjust
listen to this
a lot
but her father wanted her to marry a guy
named araña
he was Japanese nobility and a member of
the criminal Yakuza I was guiding I was
guiding i love it when when white
Americans take words of a thinker
Japanese her cool without actually fully
understanding the meaning behind the
word anyways I'm Kira Excalibur saying
keep it take it easy and please for the
love of God make sure you're using a
word correctly bye hello there youtubers
it is I own cure Excalibur here bringing
you an episode review I'm bringing you
an episode review of the new x-men
series Wolverine and the x-men the
episode of this name is called code of
conduct which is fairly ironic because
when you watch this episode there is no
code of conduct only give you a brief
episode summary so the episode goes like
this Wolverine and x men have been
kidnapped by the silver samurai and his
gang of Yakuza and he is being forced to
fight he's being forced to fight because
the silver samurai is trying to move up
in the Yakuza ranks to leader and the
only way for him to do this is by
erasing all past failures and one of his
failures is that he was beaten by a
Wolverine for the love of Mariko and
thus the two of them do battle and
Wolverine ultimately is the victor
because silver samurai for Fitz is right
to compete
and thus the x-men are saved now found
red bull and he goes now in this day and
age with Jeff with Japanese culture in
Japan being somewhat of a fad in America
one would think that you would have
spent more time researching this episode
of making sure that it wasn't offensive
but then again you would be wrong for
this episode what am I talking about
well here are some of the problems with
it there is no distinction between
samurai and ninjas there's no
distinction because you know they're
both Asian and you know they're the same
right case in point with several scenes
one the Yakuza are ninjas this is wrong
that now kooza actually branched out of
samurai beliefs after the Meiji era or
the meiji revolution excuse me because
quite frankly when emperor meiji said
yet samurai we no longer need you the
samurai said piss off and more or less
became their own their own entity
however based upon a bow Shido which is
the code of conduct for samurai another
that brings me to another case in point
when rogue is fighting a bunch of Sam
but not summer excuse me well I'm doing
it now bunch of ninjas she touches one
and absorbs their powers and says yes
now I know Bushido Bushido is not a
martial arts form Bushido is a code of
conduct
yeah now it's painful then not only not
only do they do that but they also try
to throw in random Japanese words and
they try to make it sound cool and
relevant now you've probably seen in
some my other videos that i have talked
about the word gaijin oh yeah i'm yeah i
mean there's a point in the episode
where Wolverine is talking and i think
i'm actually going to add that put that
video clip into this or I'm going to add
it I'm just going to put it up on its
own um well Wolverine blatantly says I
was gaijin an outsider okay what I was
when I was young and growing up and my
fascination with Japan um first really
started I hung on any Japanese word I
could get my fingers on and quite
frankly if I was given an episode like
that and Dejan and I was told it meant
outsider I would use it and this is
where this is where it's really bad
because gai jin is a really horrible
insult and to be saying it just like
gaijin I mean what you're going to do is
teach kids to say it and then when they
if they ever you know become friends
with people from Japan like I have and
then sit there going to horribly
embarrass themselves or insult the
person they're with because it's I mean
it's yeah it's one of those words once
again it's the Japanese N word hi
anyways I'm going to stop probably right
here and continue because I have a few
more rents ago with this yes
so take it easy guys